{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red0\green0\blue194;\red146\green26\blue32;
\red251\green0\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue194;\red146\green26\blue32;
\red34\green45\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c80392;\cssrgb\c64706\c16471\c16471;
\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c80392;\cssrgb\c64706\c16471\c16471;
\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is HTML?
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language. The most current version of HTML is as of December 14, 2017, and is known as HTML 5.2. Many people will refer to the most modern version of HTML as just HTML5 which has brought many new dynamic elements and JavaScript APIs to the browser. To put it simply, HTML is a collection of markup tags, when put together, build a tree-structured document that can be read by an internet browser. Each of the tags in the document describe to the browser what type of information to either display or interpret. HTML is known as the building blocks of web pages. Each of the HTML elements are represented by tags. The main tags that are displayed in any HTML document are the main <!doctype html> tag at the beginning of the document, the <html> and </html> tags, the <head> and </head> tags, the <body> and </body> tags, and lastly, the <script> and </script> tags. These are just the main building block tags that are located in most every web page in order for the document to be able to be read by the internet browser. The reason that every opening tag is ended with another <
\i /tag
\i0 > is because this signals to the browser that the information within that element tag is complete. Most all information to the browser that is displayed is placed within the opening and closing body tags. Any meta tag information, stylesheets for CSS links, titles and other information is placed within the head tag. Elements can be repeated pretty much an infinite amount of times as long as the order and structure makes sense to the browser. Commonly used body tags are headers <h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6>, paragraphs, <p>, and forms <form action=\'93hello.php\'94 method=\'93post\'94>. Most every HTML tag also has attributes which can be seen from the previous form element. Attributes are like methods from other programming languages that can either guide the element what to do, stylize the element, or define its purpose. These attributes are not displayed to the user unless they are CSS style attributes. The browser will read the attributes and display the content appropriately. Lastly, the script tags are often put at the bottom of the document nearing the closing body tag. Commonly, they are used for JavaScript which is a client-side script that runs in the browser and makes the web page content dynamic and interactive. HTML5 has made this easily possible with interactive elements such as the <canvas> tag and the geolocation API. Most of the time, the script tags use the src attribute to find an external script document in the root folder and are able to run the script without cluttering the HTML file. However, the script code can also be run between the script tags. The script tag in HTML5 is defaulted to a type of JavaScript, but can also be used for other languages or purposes as long as they have been identified with the type attribute. PHP on the other hand requires an Apache Server to be running and a localhost server for development. PHP is preprocessed and displayed to the HTML document without the user  being able to see the script when viewing the source. Here is an example of a very basic HTML file below:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
	
\f1 \cf3 \strokec3 <\cf4 \strokec4 !DOCTYPE\cf5 \strokec5 \'a0html\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 	<\cf4 \strokec4 html\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 	<\cf4 \strokec4 head\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 		<\cf4 \strokec4 title\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 Page Title\cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 <\cf4 \strokec4 /title\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 	<\cf4 \strokec4 /head\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 	<\cf4 \strokec4 body\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 		<\cf4 \strokec4 h1\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 My First Heading\cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 <\cf4 \strokec4 /h1\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 		<\cf4 \strokec4 p\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 My first paragraph.\cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 <\cf4 \strokec4 /p\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
	\cf8 \outl0\strokewidth0 <\cf9 script\cf8 ><\cf9 /script\cf8 >\cf6 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 	<\cf4 \strokec4 /body\cf3 \strokec3 >\cf6 \strokec6 \
\cf3 \strokec3 	<\cf4 \strokec4 /html\cf3 \strokec3 >\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf10 \outl0\strokewidth0 What is CSS?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}So that was a lot of information about HTML. Let\'92s talk about CSS. The acronym CSS simply stands for Cascading Style Sheets. The most recent version and syntax of the CSS language is CSS3. Simply put, CSS describes how the elements are displayed to the screen in the HTML document when the browser loads the document. This can mean colors, positioning, sizes, borders, font-size, font-family, and many others. CSS is constantly evolving and is taking a heavy burden off of JavaScript developers with the ability to use keyframes and other animation techniques directly within the stylesheet. There are also many newer and developing features of CSS3 that make web pages dynamic as well, that used to have to be programmed in JavaScript or PHP. The CSS document is usually referenced with a <link> tag at the beginning of the HTML document within the <head> element/tag. A full CSS link element looks like this <link rel=\'93stylesheet\'94 type=\'93text/css\'94 href=\'93css/style.css\'94>. There are no closing tags for the link element. Each of the rel, type, and href attributes are defining what type of document is being linked and the file path to where that document is located within the root folder. CSS documents can be used over and over again on each of the different HTML pages within your website, which makes stylizing faster and easier for the web designers and developers. Just like JavaScript, CSS can be written inline for the elements or at the top between style tags in your individual webpages, but it commonly saved and rendered from an external CSS document located within the root folder and commonly a sub-folder titled css. JavaScript files are often in a js folder with the same practice. Here is an example of CSS to style all h1 tags: 
\i (within the brackets)
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
	\cf4 \cb7 \strokec4 h1\'a0\cf6 \strokec6 \{\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb7 \'a0\'a0\'a0 		color\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0white\cf6 \strokec6 ;\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\cb7 \'a0\'a0\'a0 		text-align\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0center\cf6 \strokec6 ;\
		\cf5 \strokec5 background-color\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf3 \strokec3 \'a0lightblue\cf6 \strokec6 ;\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb7 \strokec6 	\}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \strokec2 What is meant by \'93web root directory\'94? What is the web root directory for your server?
\b0 \

\f0\b \cf10 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The web root directory simply means the directory that holds the content when visitors access your domain name in a web browser. Most of the time in modern-day web browsers, it looks for the file titled either index.html or index.php to be able to properly load the content for the home or main page of the website or web application. Within the home page are commonly links that have been placed in the navigation for other pages within the website or web application. The web root folder is the container for your entire project with all HTML5 files, JavaScript files, CSS files, PHP files, images, and any other information that the browser requires to display your website to the browser and render with your domain name that has been purchased prior. Although there are other forms of deploying a website or app, for simple documents, the FTP protocol is used (File Transfer Protocol). When FTPing your site, you upload all of the necessary documents and folders into the appropriate root folder on the server that is being hosted by your provider and linked to your domain name. The web root directory commonly begins with a back slash \'93/\'93 and then the rest of the file path will follow for your content. Currently, the web root directory for my localhost is localhost:8888/ which means the domain or server is localhost, which can be found on port 8888. This has been designated by stack application known as MAMP. All file paths are found within subfolders under the main root folder for different classes or projects. The documents for those projects are contained in the subfolders. This may look something like localhost:8888/ICT4561/index.php. For every person, the port  number may be different is commonly defaulted by the local server stack application you are using like LAMP, MAMP, or XAMPP.
\f1 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
}