{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What SQL command is used to create a table? To add new records? To retrieve records? To modify records? To remove records?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b0 SQL is a very powerful language and is used by nearly every large corporation as their primary database system. However, there are many different versions of SQL that are on the market and are used for different purposes. The SQL command for creating a table is pretty straight forward. Firstly, if using MySQL through PHP My Admin, you will need to begin your development server and then navigate to the PHP My Admin web application. Within the application, you will need to create a database and give it an appropriate name for the project that you are working on. If you have worked on previous projects with PHP My Admin and SQL, there will be a list of all databases that have previously been created. Once the database has been created and submitted, we can now add tables and records to use or manipulate throughout the project.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
	
\b How to Create Table in SQL: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_primarykey.asp"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_primarykey.asp}}\
	
\b0 \cf4 CREATE TABLE 
\i Names 
\i0 (\
		id int NOT NULL,\
		first_name varchar(255) NOT NULL,\
		last_name varchar(255) NOT NULL,\
		city varchar(255) NOT NULL \
		PRIMARY KEY (id) AUTO INCREMENT\
	);\cf2 \
\
*
\i NOT NULL simply means that the value cannot be null. Also, int stands for the SQL datatype of integer and and varchar stands for standard characters (text). The 255 stands for the limit of characters per row in that field. There are many other datatypes like char (smaller data character set), Text (larger dataset), Float (Floating Point Number), Date, Time, and many others that can be found here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_datatypes.asp"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_datatypes.asp}}. The auto-incrementing primary key is the ID.\
\
	
\i0\b How to Add SQL Records: 
\i\b0 \

\i0 	\cf4 INSERT INTO Names (first_name, last_name, city,) VALUES (\'91Eric\'92, \'91Zorn\'92, \'91River Vale\'92);\cf2 \
\

\i *When this insert command has been executed via a PHP connection or directly from within the database, a new record will have been created with my information. This would consist of my first name, my last name, and my hometown city in New Jersey. The ID is set to auto increment and fill in with each new row that has been created. Therefore, if this was the first entry, my ID would be equal to 1. Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_insert.asp"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_insert.asp}}\
\
	
\i0\b How to Retrieve SQL Records:
\i \
	
\i0\b0 \cf4 SELECT * FROM Names;\
	SELECT first_name, last_name FROM Names;\
	SELECT city FROM Names WHERE id = 1;\

\i \cf5 \
*In this query, we are selecting data that has been inserted into the Names table that we have created within our database. The asterisk/star is another symbol that means the word all. By writing the first command, we have selected all data from the Names table and then can output that data with PHP or another programming language that is being used to query our database with a proper connection. The second example is where we specify the specific columns, first and last names, from our Names database that can then be used within our application. Lastly, in this example, we have a specific row of data being selected. This is selecting the row where the city column in names has an ID equal to one. Being that this is the only row in the table at the moment, it is easy to conceptualize. However, if the table was much larger and consisted of hundreds or thousands of users, it would make finding my specific user much easier. This has been narrowed down by the auto incrementing primary key in our Names table. Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_select.asp"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_select.asp}}.\
\
	
\i0\b How to Modify SQL Records:\
	
\b0 \cf4 UPDATE Names SET first_name = \'93Bob\'94, last_name = \'93Smith\'94, city = \'93Los Angeles\'94 WHERE 	id =1;
\i\b \cf5 \
\
*
\b0 I personally find that SQL code reads very similar to the English language. This query is changing each of the values for the first name, last name, and city within the Names table. This is only being applied to the only user in the table, where the ID is 1. Therefore, the table row would now read: ID=1, first_name=Bob, last_name=Smith, city=Los Angeles. This can be very helpful when dealing with large tables and datasets in order to find and change one value within the database. However, the developer should always be careful when removing or editing rows within a table. If the ID is incorrect, he or she may incorrectly change a row that did not need to be changed. Always find the row in the database table before changing its values. Link: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_update.asp"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_update.asp}}.\
\
	
\i0\b How to Remove SQL Records:\
	
\b0 \cf4 DELETE FROM Names WHERE id = 1;\
	DROP TABLE Names;\
\

\i \cf5 *Similar to the other queries above, the DELETE statement is easy to understands. After the DELETE statement, we specify the table and the specific value or row that needs to be deleted. In this example, we are deleting the first and only row where the ID is equal to one from the Names table in the database. This command like modifications, should not be take lightly. As a team member or developer, you should always know the exact value that will be deleted from the database and the reasoning behind dropping that value. Also, the other statement will completely remove that table from the database with the DROP TABLE command and the name of the table following that command. If not careful, many hackers or malicious internet browsers can perform SQL Injection to either add, modify, or drop/delete tables and information with the simple submission of a form over the internet. It is important to always include security, validation, and hashing of passwords when submitting data from the UI into the database with any application or web application. Links: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_delete.asp"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_delete.asp}} ,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_drop_table.asp"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_drop_table.asp}}, \
}